Support gemma4 MOE (#3782)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: site/docs/supported-models/index.mdx

2. Visual history is not preserved across rounds, so multi-turn interactions have limited visual context.
3. If the number of input frames is not divisible by `mm_local_num_frames` (as defined in `config.json`), additional frames will be automatically padded by duplicating the last frame. For example, if there are 10 frames and `mm_local_num_frames = 4`, it will be padded to 12 frames.

#### Gemma4 {#gemma4-notes}

> Gemma4 implementation supports text and image inputs only. Video input is not supported at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gemma 4 implementation supports text and image inputs only. Video input is not supported at the moment.
```

Author: applied

> #### Gemma4 {#gemma4-notes}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Gemma 4 {#gemma4-notes}
```
